A zero-length connection ID is always good (#4335)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

peer to use a new connection ID on migration, as the peer will be unable to
respond if the pool is exhausted.

An endpoint that selects a zero-length connection ID during the handshake

> cannot send a NEW_CONNECTION_ID frame.  A zero-length Destination Connection ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cannot issue a new connection ID.  A zero-length Destination Connection ID
```

field is used in all packets sent toward such an endpoint over any network

> path.

Reviewer 2: Sorry I know this has been merged already but I thought this is easier than open a new issue. 

How can you use a connection with zero-length Conn ID over different paths? Does an address change without Conn ID mean that the connections breaks?

Reviewer: The peer could still change its address, right?

Reviewer 2: If you have changed the address and don't have a conn ID, you cannot associate the packet to an existing connection anymore, no?

Reviewer: I see your point. You can still associate it in theory, though it might be fragile - this is left to the implementation ultimately. I agree with you that the "over any network path" is mostly redundant, but I am not sure that it hurts because I don't think it suggests something that is impossible.

> field is used for all packets sent toward such an endpoint and for all network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
field is used in all packets sent toward such an endpoint over any network
```

> paths.

Reviewer 3: I think it makes sense to clarify that the scope is for that connection in the second sentence.

```suggestion
paths for the remainder of the connection.
```

> paths.

Author: ```suggestion
path.
```
For Jana's suggestions.
